Alright, in the video
we want to start refactoring our service layer
and we have a couple of interesting opportunities here.
I'm gonna take a very small one first
and refactor that so what I have here
is our UnitOfMeasureService
and this is what we're using to
build a list of unit of measures
when we're dealing with ingredients
so let's go ahead and before we were
returning back a Set and a UnitOfMeasureComand
to listAllUoms, now I've refactored
this return back a Flux.
Now remember the flux is the reactive type
that represents many so this is gonna be a publisher
and we're gonna can we have a little fun here.
So I'll show you the implementation of it.
Now on line 35, this is our previous implementation
so we're using Java 8 StreamSupport there
and what we have is something very similar
and we are going to go in and
I've refactored this to use the
UnitOfMeasureReactiveRepository so now
we're using the reactive repository here.
This has been refactored and over here
we're going to do a findAll and
now we're gonna map it so
we're still using that same converter.
We're mapping it but notice that we're not doing
a block on this or anything so
we're just continuing to use this so
this reactive type is gonna come in here
and go out of here without this code executing
at this point in time and we can see that in action
with the test so that impacted
the UnitOfMeasureTest so we've got
a few changes in our unit test
that were changed.
Let's look at the actual unit implementation here.
So we can see here in my Mockito Mock,
now I'm returning a Flux and
Flux has a method of just
so that's gonna create a publisher
of these two UnitOfMeasures and
that gets our test working again
and our IngredientController
had a couple of changes too so
we're just doing a Flux of just new command.
I think that's the only thing
we have to change here in our IngredientControllerTest.
All that is now working and the next thing we want to do
was handle it in our IngredientController so
remember that service is getting injected in there
so we didn't have to change that so
our service implementation is good but
the signature changed and now what we change here
and remember we're just doing a list of all Uoms
but here we're just doing the same thing
but now it's reactive and we are going to
collect that as a list and then block on that
so that block triggers that because
right now we haven't implemented
the Thymeleaf stuff for the web front end
so we still need to
we're like reactive from the controllers up in this case
and let me actually show you this working.
I'm gonna go ahead and start up Spring Boot.
Drag over Chrome here
and let's refresh it.
It's a little off center but
now you can see that I have the two applications there
so I can come in and View
and I go to ingredients and say New Ingredient
now that's the list of the UOMs that are coming
out of MangoDB so I just want to reiterate
what's going on here.
I'll show you this in depth inside of IntelliJ
so what we have is the reactive repository
so we're actually gonna do a findAll
so that's based on somewhere in here
we have a findAll, there we are.
findAll and that's gonna return back a Flux
so that's all the Spring Data so
the Spring Data is gonna provide us
the implementation for this.
So that repository, the repository gets injected
into our service, actually the implementation of our service
Wrong spot.
UnitOfMeasureService.
Now that gives the unit of measure repository
returning back a publisher, a Flux publisher
and we are also gonna return back a Flux publisher
but this time instead of UnitOfMeasures,
we're gonna turn up Flux publisher of
UnitOfMeasureComand and to do that
we go in and we take the unitOfMeasure repository,
do the findAll, you can see that's
returning back a Flux of UnitOfMeasure.
Now we do a map function and a map is a way to
say convert this from type A to type B
which is exactly what we're doing with the converter
but because it's reactive it doesn't run right here
it actually happens inside our IngredientController
so right here we get the service listAllUoms
and right now it's just like a pointer.
Now we say collectList.
Okay, that's request and now when we do the block
that is when the request goes out to MangoDB,
comes back, goes through the converter,
gets converted and then gets collected as a list
and then it's passed back into our view layer
so dealing with these reactive types
it's kind of a little tricky to get your head around it
what's happening when but understand
nothing happens until this little block command here
says block now you're going to be bubbling this up
in the Thymeleaf view layer and
then take it a step further then we'll be reactive
but we've got a bit of work to do first
because we want to get our whole back end reactive
and then we're gonna worry about the web here
in coming up in videos in this course.